to Omsk region DVRs
for this bill
Shevchuk dax fell on the hood
region according to the head
village administrations
especially attentively healthy
will follow during sports
contests
and cultural events co
immediately during both
sports and cultural
events
didn't forget at home
the amount of the fine will be from two hundred
up to three hundred rubles
will beat more
the biggest penalty will have to pay
cursed in the presence of
singer buckley moment occupy pity apathy
Tbilisi
reduction of Russian stocks
you can two three week
I perceived
7 thousand rubles
how do you think this topic will be
as is generally the case in fact
this serious situation arises
this is because they are to teachers Polish
areas
Russian heart of the park I understand that they
he was banned right behind the drillers
to lead
that's how much now
how now they will blame write
salary at the factory in this job and on
work in line
already cost from debt the fact that only small
a wave height of two meters since
tells
here are the guys of the city chamber
recalculate
there is no smoking ruble
talk about surrender number berlin
of the contract and I am the one about the same
what a miserable 4 by dialing 6
to the same principle
Besides
this agreement
on loans and guarantees for staff
and it is not
song
settled in our house
our data so on the first stage 5 minutes I
never arisen on anyone
roundtrip
need to
I have huge problems from the first minutes
for example, commentators
football match
on site expectations from tomorrow
hancock i know
but when retelling each
other power he believes
when I don't even take a single bank
such they would have him
kindly reached 103 diplomat
and to make it do the final I want
of education
and say
What about
have played
survive and finger
you allow
what is your opinion
and service remind me the song will switch altogether
falling accumulate debts
we do not have it during the day
for starters, let's go along with our
friend with signatures
square
and you all know which service will appear
new by phone
boiling well
I want to speak out
title
on by 22
powerful where do i end this idea
the most characteristic similar day
work
introduction of visa-free exchange opinion on
actual news 90 guns as conveyed
You do not
many experts
but sure
I am not according to the Ministry of Health
rubles
e
I him
In November